Speed up `blib2to3` tokenization using generic python function (#4541)
psf/black: CHANGES.md

### Performance

<!-- Changes that improve Black's performance. -->

> - Speed up the `is_fstring_start` function in `blib2to3` tokenization using generic python `startswith` function (#4541)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Speed up the `is_fstring_start` function in Black's tokenizer (#4541)
```
"Generic function" is more likely to confuse readers; for me at least it suggests a "generic" in the typing sense. And we don't need to go into too much detail here.
